2018/6/5
【介词】
by
1. The woman always sat by the window and stared into the distance.    在..之旁，beside
2. He succeeded by working hard.              by 用于主动语态
3. Don't judge a person by his or her looks.      凭借
4. Come back by ten.  by+时间，表示最迟不超过..时间
5. The man seized him by the collar and told him to shut up.  与抓有关的动词连用，表示借由
6. He goes to work by taxi every day.          乘坐交通工具
7. I passed by my house and don't walk in.     经过
8. He was killed by a car.                      by 用于被动语态，表示被...
9. She is older than I by five years.           表示差距， Be older/younger than + sb.+ by two years
10.Come back by way of HongKong.                取道    
11.They sell eggs by the dozen.                 按照


2018/6/7
1. The trip to the village called up scences of my childhood.
2. The task called for great care and patience.
3. Because of the bad weather, they decided to call off the sprot meeting.
4. Mary calls on her grandmother every Sunday.
5. The train calls at the large station only.

call on sb. 拜访某人
call sb./sth. up 打电话给某人，唤起记忆
call at somewhere 光顾某地
call for sth.需要、需求
call sth. in  下令收回
call off 取消

2018/6/21
【介词】
from
1.从...
2.解除
3.与表示 禁止、阻止、保护有关的动词连用，此处从from 表示 免于...
abandon / prohibit / restrict /restrain  sb from + 动名词  禁止某人做某事
prevent /stop/keep sb from doing 组织某人做某事
protect sb from 保护某人免于...


1. It takes more than an hour to fly from Shanghai to Hong Kong.  从...
2. Our teacher forbids us from bringing comic books to school.  
3. I couldn't figure out what he meant from his words.      从...  
4. He was prohibited from smoking in the lobby.
5. Their business has gone from bad to worse since that incident.
6. The woman came in time to prevent her son from killing himself.
7. Jeff could not refrain from laughing.  解除..
8. The prince protected the princess from being attacked by the bandit.

2018/6/28
【介词】
in 
1.在 ...之内，如建筑物、空间、文件等
2.穿着、带着
3.in+一段时间 表示在一段时间之后，相当于 一段时间+later
             表示在一段时间之内，相当于 within + 一段时间
4.以..原料、工具
5.按...次序
6.以...语言、声音

例句：
Your dog is in the house, not in the backyard.
It's surprising that the foreigner can write in Chinese.
Who is the girl that is dressed in red?
He put the papers int the folders int alphabetical order.
I think I can finish the work in two minutes.
She wrote a letter to me in ink.

2018/6/29
-Did you enjoy the party last night?
-Yes. We were treated well by our hosts. 

被动语态的一般过去时。
【cut off】
1.He cut off a small piece of bread and gave it to me.
2.The telephone operator cut us off before we had finished our conversation.
3.Our water supply has been cut off again.
4.Disease cut Smith off in the best part of life.
5.The village was cut off by the snow for more than a month.

2018/7/3
1.Please take off your shoes. take off 脱下，起飞
    He took off his raincoat and took out the key.
2.I approve of your plan.    approve of 赞成
    I don't approve of your plan to travel alone.
3.I found the book by accident. by accident 偶然地、不经意地
    We met her by accident.
4.Read it once more.  once more 再一次
    I want to go there once more.我想再去一次。

2018/7/4
【fun & funny】
fun: something makes you happy,things you enjoy
funny:something makes you laugh.

I think going out with friends is fun, watching football is fun, practicing English is fun.
Jokes / comedy films are funny.

【虚拟语气】
If the new safety system had been put to use, the accident would never have happened.
对过去的虚拟，使用过去完成时。

2018/7/5
【介词】
让步:尽管、任凭
despite （不加介词）= in spite of 
He attended the meeting despite his illness.他抱病出席会议。

Regardless of , notwithstanding(不加介词)
Regardless of danger, he climbed the tower.他不顾危险，爬上了这座塔。
notwithstanding the long delay, I shall still go abroad for further study.尽管拖延了很久，我还是要出国深造。

for all one's ..., with all one's ...
With all their achievements, they remain modest and purdent.尽管有所成就，他们依然保持谦虚谨慎。
For all his faults, he is still a good friend.尽管有很多缺点，他仍不失为一位好朋友。

He went out in spite of the rain.
They insist on trying, utterly regardless of the possible grave consequences.
With all his achievements, he is very modest and never shows off in front of others.
For all his learning, he has little experience in practical work.

2018/7/
【must & have to】
have to  : we use have to when we talk about obligations others decide for a us. It's a law or a rule. So it cannot be changed.
must: When we talk about obligations we decide for ourselves or others.

2018/7/13
【lie】

lie vi.躺。  lie-lay-lain-lying 其后不加宾语
    vi.说谎  其后不加宾语 lie-lied-lied-lying

    He will lie in the bed for a while. 他将在床上躺片刻。
    he lay on the bed a while ago. 他刚才在床上躺片刻。
    He has lain on the bed a while ago.他在床上躺了两个钟头了。
    He has been lying there all day.他一整天都躺在那儿。
    Don't lie to me.别对我说谎。
    He lied to me. 他对我说谎了。


2018/7/16
【so do I & so I do】
-Have you ever seen the latest horror film A quiet place?

-Oh, you like horror films, so do I!
我也是！
-So she does, she had been seeing horror films for a week!
她确实喜欢，表示同意观点。

Body language can ___ away a lot about your mood, so standing with your arms folded can send out a signal that you are being defensive.
take away 拿走 
throw away 扔掉
put away  收好
give away  泄露、透露 

2018/7/17
外国人的好表示的程度和我们理解的可能是不一样的
Awesome/ fabulous / amazing / great means good
Good means ok
ok means bad



工作完成得怎么样？
awesome
fabulous  --还好吧 good

It looks great on you!
You look amazing!  嗯，还行，反正不难看

How are you?
-Great!  意思就是fine,还行吧
-fine/okay 意思就是bad,不太开心。

【person & people 】
person  a man or a woman or child. It is a signular countable noun.   There was a person at the door.

people ： The plural of person is people. It refers to a group or a number of human beings. It is a plural countable noun.
There were three people at the door. 有三个人在门外。


persons ： It is similar to people, but it's considered more polite and more formal. It's most often seen written down.
This lift can hold a maximum of 15 persons.这架电梯能装15人。

peoples  people表示种族时的复数形式
Peoples is the countable plural form of people and comes from the other meaning of people. People can mean nation.
The Astecs were people that live in the Americas. 阿芝特克人曾在美洲居住。
There are many people living on the Earth.不同种族的人在地球上居住。




