LLS 
Date : 2018/7/6

the key to happiness   幸福的关键

Nothing is set in stone.  set in stone 板上钉钉

Bread is the staff of life. 民以食为天  bread 在英语中代之粮食或是经济状况。

behind the curtain 幕后大Boss

blackjack 二十一点

BOGOF = Buy one, get one free. 买一送一

Carpe diem! 及时行乐

I'm behind you all the way. 我一直在你身后支持你。

trousers = pants 英式英语中用trousers表示裤子

hit-and-run 肇事逃逸

knights of the round table 亚瑟王的圆桌骑士

Don't pull my leg! 别逗我了。

Natalie Portman  "The only person standing in your way is you."

Look at the white dress! Is she trying to steal the bride's thunder? //抢风头

job hunting 

Let life be beautiful like summer flowers. 生如夏花

The first wealth is health.

immune system 免疫系统

Screwdriver 螺丝刀鸡尾酒，橙汁和伏特加混合

chart legend 图例

brown energy 对环境不友好的资源
green energy 对环境友好的资源

Guardians of the Galaxy 银河护卫队

pig out 狼吞虎咽
I'm gonna pig out on all the food.

I owe you one. 我欠你一份人情。

the industrial revolution 工业革命

a guide dog 导盲犬

a blind date 相亲 

You can't help what you feel, but you can help how you hehave. 人们无法控制情感，但有办法控制行为。
I cannot help beating him.我控制不住打了他一顿。

We lived, as usual, by ignoring: Ignoring isn't the same ignorance, you have to work at it.
我们生活着，一如既往，视而不见。视而不见不等于无知，你得劳神费力才能做到视而不见。

-- the handmaid's tale

Mount Everest 珠穆朗玛峰
Mt. Fuji 富士山，由三座火山堆砌而成
Don't pull my leg! 别逗我了。
Mirror，mirror，on the wall.
the metric system 公制度量，世界上只有美国、缅甸、利比里亚没有使用这个制度。

Don't promise when you're happy.
Don't reply when you're angry.
Don't decide when you're sad.

开心时不要承诺，愤怒时不要答复，伤心时不要做决定。

1.What's the smallest bridge in the world?                                    The bridge of a nose.(鼻梁)
2.What's the difference between the North Pole and the South Pole?            A whole world.(a world of difference 天壤之别)
3.What's the difference between here and there?                               The letter t.
4.What are the strongest days of the week?                                    Saturday and Sunday--all the other days are weak(week) days.
5.When do you go as fast as a racing car?                                      When you are in it.

There are things that we don't want to happen but have to accept, things we don't want to know but have to learn, and people we can't live without but have to let go.
有些事，不想发生，却不得不接受；有些东西，不想了解却不得不学习；有些人，不能失去却不得不放手。

give you a bear hug 给你一个熊抱

rule of thumb 工人用拇指来测量木材，表示 经验之谈

One shall stand, one shall fall. 《变形金刚》擎天柱的台词：不是你死就是我亡。

You are a landscape, no need in the scenery inside looking up to others.你就是一道景色，没有必要在他人景色里仰视。

Everyone should take action with a dream and be strong with a reason. If the heart has no place to perch on, you will always be a drifter no matter where you are.
一个人至少拥有一个梦想，有一个理由去坚强。心若没有栖息的地方，到哪里都是流浪。

waste sorting 垃圾分类
chart legend 图例

Bread is the staff of life.民以食为天。

Two heads are better than one. 三个臭皮匠，赛过诸葛亮。  人多力量大。


Success is not guaranteed. It is not handed to you. Success is earned.

Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.

package tour 包含机票、酒店、景点的旅行套餐

Life's altered you, as it altered me. And what would be the point of living, if we didn't let life change us.
生活改变了你我，如果只是回到原点，一成不变，那么人生还有何意义？ -- 唐顿庄园

Never put off what you can do today untill tomorrow.今日事今日毕。

You make millions of decisions that mean nothing, and then one day your order takes out and it changes your life. --《西雅图夜未眠》

Working with the medical team in America has brought out the best in her as a doctor.  bring out the best 显示出最好的一面

If someone loves a flower, of which just one single blossom grows in all the millions and millions of stars, it is enough to make him happy just to look at the stars.

Whenever you see darkness, there is extraordinary opportunity for the light to burn brighter. 当你看见黑暗，烛光就有好机会燃烧得更明亮。

To return to the problem of water pollution, I'd like you to look at a study condected in Australia in 2012.
非谓语动词做定语，study和condect是动宾关系，用过去分词做定语。

We can achieve a lot when we learn to let our differences unite, rather than _divide__ us.  当我们学会让我们的差异联合起来而不是将我们分离时，我们将获得很多。

When I thought I couldn't go on, I forced myself to keep going. My success is based on persistence, not luck.

-Only those who have a lot in common can get along well.
-I beg to differ. Opposites sometimes do attract.

Life takes on meaning when you become motivated, set goals and charge after them in an unstoppable manner.
当你有了动力，设定了目标并势如破竹般地为此奋斗，人生便有了意义。

I'm so grateful to all those volunteers because they helped my terrible day end happily.

That young man is honest, cooperative, always there when you need his help. In short, he is reliable.



