LLS 
Date : 2018/7/6

I just want to convert my dollars into yen.
irritated
A jail or prison is a place where criminals are locked behind bars, sometimes for many years.
When a person is charged with breaking a law, they are tired in a court of law.
While it was in use, Alcatraz held some of the most notorious criminals in American history, such as AI Capone.
Two drowned and five were listed as missing and presumed drowned.

One reason it's famouse is because it used to be a prison, a very special prison. 

ALthough there were several notorious inmates, such as AI Capone, most of the inmates were not well-known.

Prison life at Alcatraz was highly structured and boring.
It was designed to teach prisoners to follow rules.
They had four rights: food, clothing, shelter, and medical care.
Everything else was a privilege that had to be earned.




In a flowchart, a decision point shows what happens when a decision is made.
A bar gragh uses rectangular bars of different lengths to show and compare data.
The lengths of the bars are pro-portional to the values they represent.
A flowchart shows how a process or project flows from start to finish.
A flowchart is a type of gragh that shows how a process or project flows from start to finish.
A circle gragh, often called a pie gragh, is shaped like a circle.
An x-axis often shows the time while the y-axis shows how quantities, such as profits, change with time.


With the development of alriculture, people had more time for other activities.
The strength of animals such as horses and oxen was used for work and transportation.

Accidents are often caused by people doing foolish things or by not being careful.

An explosion is a rapid, violent release of energy.
Some storms cause flooding and major damage to homes and cities.
Accidents with fire can be very serious and can result in very painful injuries.

The use of machines has reduced the number of people needed to make things.

Fire provide light so that people could work and socialize for longer hours.

In fact, some extinction events have helped to accelerate evolution.

This led to the deaths of many more species.

Anyway, we are confident that we will find it.

What about the last communication with the aircraft?
The last communication was about 15 minutes before it disappeared.
Was there anything unusual in the communication?
No, there wasn't anything unusual. Nothing pointed to any kind of problem.


I will not take this abuse.

Christina sells women's clothing in a department store. 
She usually works 6 days a week, but this week she is going to take 3 days off.
She's taking days off so that she can visit her parents.

The sun is setting behind the mountains.

Some drivers hook their horns too much and the noise is awful.
He is wearing beige pants.

Matter is made of atoms and molecules.
Water, for example, is the H2O molecule.
This means that a molecule of water has 3 atoms.
A water molecule has 2 hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom.

She studied hard for the test, but she still didn't do well.
According to scientists, there are over 65 elements inside the sun.
The next test will be in about two weeks.



If it comes down with heads facing up, I'll pay.

Wind turbines convert the kinetic energy of the wind into mechanical power.


Kim hates spinach.

word-of-mouth advertising
It also provides rebates to customers who don't call for any survice during the year.

He is always waiting there, except in rainy weather.
He earns a lot of money.
She is always tired when she finishes work.


The equator divides the Earth into two halves.

We use thermometers like this to measure temperature.


Areas of some countries will soon be under water.

Mammals include some of the most intelligent animals on Earth, such as elephants and human beings.


If you need to pound in a nail, use the hammer.

Sometimes it's okey to cost a little money.

They aren't going to talk about the dessert.

In this type of business, person to person contact is the key to success.



The meeting is scheduled for the day after tomorrow.
The next flight wasn't for another 3 hours, so it was a long wait.
She had to wait three hours for the next flight.

The controlled use of fire allowed people to cook food and survive in colder climates.
They are doing what they were designed to do.
Instead of bring people together they are pulling them apart.

I've had enough of you.

From this man's point of view, he is relaxing.

When the dinosaurs were disappeared, the mammals were able to compete more successfully.
 
Science and engineering have changed the way we communicate with each other.
With the invention of agriculture, people could grow food and settle into communities.
By growing food, people and spend less time hunting and more time for other things such as art.

Scientists are warning us that fast action is necessary to save our future.
Christina just hopes that her friend is a good driver.
Desserts are area of land that recieve little or no rain fall.

Mountains are formed by forces deep within the Earth and are made of many types of rocks.
Species of life are disappearing at an increasing rate.

Global warming is the result of an increase in carbon gases in our atmosphere.
These gases trap heat from the sun, so the Earth is getting warmer.
As a result, sea leaves are rising and weather patterns are changing.
In addition, we humans are destroying the habitats of many plants and animals.

people read the news to learn about what happening in the world.  //发音要点：连读 learn about  people 和read 读长音i:

Afer all this travel, Harry decided to make travel part of his career.
His dream was to work for an international company.
Five years ago his dream came true.
Now he's working for a German hi-tech company.

Harry's next few trips were to different parts of the world.

This particular chain of events happened over a period of months and years.

This is exactly why I want to work on my own.

When he was 15, he was sent to Florence.
In Florence, he became a apprentice to a famous master painter.
For the next few years, Leonardo worked at his master's workshop.
It wasn't long before his ability surpassed that of his master.


one of the main problems we face is how to reduce the use of fossil fuels to produce energy.

The last time they saw each other was three years ago.

Yesterday, they went downtown and rode the cable cars.
Christina was surprised by how steep the hills are.
Then they walked along the ocean and ate lunch at a seafood restaurant.
From the restaurant, they could see the Golden Gate Bridge.

This is the seconed time Christina has been to San Francisco.

The oceans are also an important source of oxygen.

They crossed the Bay Bridge before the early morning commute and drove south.

Today Christina and her friend are enjoying themselves.


And of course rivers can be used for transprotation.

At first, rivers are small and are called creeks or streams.

A person can't live for more than a few days without water.

A sore throat can be caused by viruses or bacteria.
When you have a sore throat, the back of your throat is often red and infected.

A headache can be caused by an injury to the head.

The Pacific Ocean is the largest and deepest ocean, covering more area than all the continents put together.

Hills are like mountains, but not as tall.

I thought we were going to have a relaxing evening.
I'd like to relax, but I have a lot on my mind.

MoZart was already composing music by the age of five.
Her family ruled Egypt for more than 100 years before she was born.

Exhaust gases from automobiles are a major cause of air pollution and global warming.

This tree is bending over because of the strong wind.

This tow truck is towing a car to a repair shop.

Instead of improving, he felt dizzy, and he threw up.

An ambulance arrived about ten minutes after he called. By then he was in so much pain that he could barely walk.
Once inside the aumbulance, they gave him oxygen to help him breathe.
But the pain was still terrible.
Then they drove him to a hospital near the airport.
After some tests, a doctor told him he had a kidney stone.

I'm sure this will come as a surprise to everyone.



Soon it was difficult for him to sit in his seat.

He was a painter, an architect, an engineer and a scientist.

Leonardo lived with his mother until he was around five years old.

As  water enters from other streams, a river grows.

Instead of arriving on the first of the month, he arrived on the fourth.

Each team tries to score a goal by kicking the ball into a net.

By now he was wet from all his sweating.

Her boyfriend just called and he is returning from a long trip.

This man is hiking up a mountain trail.

His father and his father's friends recognized his talent and encouraged him.

Leonardo filled many notebooks with drawings and ideas.

He dissected bodies, both human and animal, to study and illustrate anatomy.
In his note, he predicted the develpoment of advanced weapons such as submarines and flying machines.

In 1499, the French invaded Italy and Leonardo left Milan.
When he was 15, he was sent to Florence.
In Florence, he became an apprentice to a famouse master painter.
For the next few years, Leonardo worked at his master's workshop.
It wasn't long before his ability surpassed that of his master.


Factories like this one allow harmful chemicals to get into the air or water.

On a scale of 1 to 10, the pain was an 8.

Would you like to see the dessert menu?

A cube is a 3 dimensional object with equal sides.
【发音】
cube 
dimensional  s的发音
equal 中的e发长音

Well there's a 3 star hotel not far away. 不远处有一家三星级宾馆。
【发音】
there's a 连读


L2-unit1-part1

I can speak Chinese fairly well, and so can my sister.
【语法点】倒装句
原句应为：and my sister also can speak Chinese fairly well.
1.So do I.属于 so + do（be,have,can等）+ 主语     意为：...也是，so 相当于 in the same way
2.So I do.属于 so + 主语 + do（被，have,can等）正常语序，以为：确实如此。so的意思相当于indeed,certainly.



L2-Unit3-part1
It takes the Earth 24 hours to complete a rotation. 
【语法点】描述自然现象或是客观真理时用现在时。


L3-unit1-part1
Eating too many sweets isn't good for your teeth.
【语法点】
be good at 擅长做..
be good for 对..有好处，有利于...

L3-Part1-Listening   Jessica's Class Reunion1
Kathy usually gets up at 6:30, but this morning she didn't hear alarm.


L4-unit1-part1

A sprained ankle can be so painful that you can't walk.

L5-unit2-Dialogue
The first impression you give is based on your appearance and clothes. 你给出的第一印象基于你的外貌和衣着。

be based on.. 基于
be hooked on 被钩住、被迷住
be called on 被迫做..
be passed on 被传递

L4-unit2-part1
There is no longer any doubt that this is happening.
【语法点】
There is no doubt that ... 是无疑的。
that在这个句子里引导的是同位语从句。同位语从句是指在复合句中跟在名词后面，充当名词同位语的句子，它是对前面的名词起到解释和说明的作用。

Some of them are very close to death.
【发音】
some of 连读
death 中 th 声带不震动

In a very strong wind it's difficult to use an umbrella.

People read the news to learn about what's happening in the world. 人们阅读新闻来了解世界正在发生什么。

They left early because they had to buy breakfast on their way to school.

We need to wear a coat when it's cold and windy. 降温和刮风的时候，我们要穿外套。
【发音】
to 弱读
wear a 连读
when it's 连读

I don't feel like cooking tonight.
我今晚不想做饭。
don't tonight 失去爆破

This box has 3 dimensions length width and height.
【发音】
dimensions 的 s
length width 的 th

All points on a circle are the same distance from its center.
【发音】
circle
from

The lowest score was 68 out of a hundred.  
【发音】
lowest score 中t失去爆破
out of a 连读

spring
//


6/28
What kind of music does she listen to ?
【发音】
what 失爆
kind of 可连读

During the day there is a lot of traffic. 

She want her parents to accept her way of life.

Her afternoon classes begin right after lunch. 午饭之后，她就开始上下午的课了。

They pay for their kids to go to school.
They save about 10% of their income.

Across the street is a small shopping center.

Our planet the Earth is the third planet from the Sun.
Europe and the US are seperated by several time zones.
欧洲和美国被分为几个时区。


Is there anything else you like?

L2-unit3-part1
If the Earth were closer to the Sun， our planet would be hotter.
【语法点】
虚拟语气
一、表示与现在事实相反的情况：
从句：If 主语+过去时(Be动词用were)
主句：主语+should/would/could/might+do
eg：　
1．If I were you,I would take an umbrella.
如果我是你，我会带把伞。（事实：我不可能是你）
2．If I knew his telephone number,I would tell you.
如果我知道他的电话号码，我就会告诉你。（事实：不知道）
3．If there were no air or water,there would be no living things on the earth.
如果没有水和空气，地球上就不会有生物。(事实：地球上既有空气也有水)
4．If I had any money with me,I could lend you some.
如果我带钱了，我就会借给你些。（事实：没有带钱）
5．If he studied harder,he might pass the exam.
如果他再努力些，就能通过考试了。（事实：没有努力）
(注意：一般在虚拟的条件句中无论是第几人称，用到系动词的过去式时，只用were而不用was)
二、表示与过去事实相反的情况
从句：If 主语+had+done
主句：主语+should/would/could/might+have done
eg：
1． If I had got there earlier,I should/could have met her. 如果我早到那儿，我就会见到她。
（事实：去晚了）
2．If he had taken my advice,he would not have made such a mistake. 如果他听我的劝告的话，就不会犯这样的错误了。
（事实：没有听我的话）
3．she looked at me as if I had been a stranger.
她看我的样子好像我是一个陌生人。（事实：我并非陌生人）　
三、表示对将来情况的主观推测　　
    主句：主语+should+do　
    从句：①if+主语+were to do
               ②if+主语+should/would/could/might+do
               ③if+主语+did（动词过去式）/were
eg：
1．If he should come here tomorrow,I would talk to him.
如果他明天来这儿的话，我就跟他谈谈。（事实：来的可能性很小）
2．If there were a heavy snow next Sunday,we would not go skating.
如果下周日下大雪，我们就不能去滑冰了。（事实：下雪可能性很小）
3．If she were to be here next Monday,I would tell her about the matter.
如果她下周一来这儿的话，我就会告诉她这件事的始末。（事实：来的可能性很小）
四、 有时，虚拟条件句中，结果主句和条件从句的谓语动作若不是同时发生时，虚拟语气的形式应作相应的调整。这种条件句叫错综条件句。
     ①从句的动作与过去事实相反，而主句的动作与现在或现在正在发生的事实不符。
eg：
If I had worked hard at school,I would be an engineer,too.
如果我在学校学习刻苦的话，我现在也会成为一个工程师了
If they had informed us,we would not come here now.
如果他们通知过我们的话，我们现在就不会来这里了。
     ②从句的动作与现在事实相反，而主句的动作与过去事实不符。
如：
If he were free today,we would have sent him to Beijing.
如果他今天有空的话，我们会已经派他去北京了。
If he knew her,he would have greeted her.
要是他认识她的话，他肯定会去问候她了。
五、 当虚拟条件句的谓语动词含有were,should,had时，if可以省略，这时条件从句要用倒装语序，即把were,should,had等词置于句首，这种多用于书面语。eg：
Should he agree to go there,we would send him there.
要是他答应去的话，我们就派他去。
Were she here,she would agree with us.
如果她在这儿的话，她会同意我们的。
Had he learnt about computers,we would have hired him to work here.
如果他懂一些电脑知识的话，我们已经聘用他来这里工作了。
六、非真实条件句中的条件从句有时不表达出来，只暗含在副词、介词短语、上下文或其他方式表示出来，这种句子叫做含蓄条件句，在多数情况下，条件会暗含在短语中，如without…，but for…等　　
eg：
But for his help,we would be working now.
要不是他的帮助，我们还会在工作呢。
Without your instruction,I would not have made such great progress.
要是没有你的指导，我不会取得如此大的进步。
We didn't know his telephone number,otherwise we would have telephoned him.
我们不知道他的电话号码，否则我们就会给他打电话。
七、 有时，虚拟条件句中，主、从句可以省略其中的一个，来表示说话人的一种强烈的感情。
①省略从句
He would have finished it. 他本该完成了。
You could have passed this exam. 你本能通过这次考试的。

Banks are where people can deposit or withdraw money.